README.md, before:

## Codepath Flashcard App

📝 `NOTE:` Paste the README templates for each subsequent lab here at the top, (i.e. lab 2, 3, 4). This will show a history of your development process including which users tories you completed and how your app looked and functioned at each step.

## Lab 1

### App Description
Flashcard app created as part of the Codepath Intro to Mobile Development course. Currently WIP

### App Walk-though
<img src="https://github.com/lo-maxwell/Codepath-FlashcardApp/raw/master/device-2021-02-26-225442.gif" width=200><br>

## Required
- [x] Create New Project in Android Studio
- [x] Add a view for the front side of the flashcard to display the question
- [x] Add a view for the back side of the flashcard to display the answer
- [x] Build in logic to show the answer side when the card is tapped
- [x] Push code to GitHu
## Optional
- [x] toggle the flashcard between the question side and the answer side
- [x] Style the question and answer side of the card to better distinguish between the two sides
- [x] Add selectable multiple choice answers beneath the card
   - [x] Change the background color of the multiple choice answers when clicked to indicate whether the question waanswered correctly
- [ ] Further customize and style the card

Commit message:

Updated README with new screen recording

README.md, after:

## Codepath Flashcard App

📝 `NOTE:` Paste the README templates for each subsequent lab here at the top, (i.e. lab 2, 3, 4). This will show a history of your development process including which users tories you completed and how your app looked and functioned at each step.

📝 `NOTE` Paste this template at the top of your existing `README.md` file from the last lab.

## Lab 2

### App Description
Flashcard app created as part of the Codepath Intro to Mobile Development course. Currently WIP

### App Walk-though
<img src="https://github.com/lo-maxwell/Codepath-FlashcardApp/blob/master/device-2021-03-06-114051.gif?raw=true" width=200><br>

## Required
- [x] User can click on a ‘+’ button that takes the user to new ‘Add Card Screen’
- [x] The 'Add Card Screen' has a cancel button to take the user back to the main screen
- [x] User can enter and submit a Question and Answer through the 'Add Card Screen'
- [x] User will see the card they just created on the main screen when they press the 'Save Button'
- [x] Push your progress to GitHub!

## Optional
- [ ] User can edit a card
- [x] An error message is shown if the user doesn't enter both a Question and an Answer
- [ ] A notification is shown if the card was created successfully
- [ ] User can also enter multiple choice answers when creating a card
- [ ] App is further styled and customized!

## Lab 1

### App Description
Flashcard app created as part of the Codepath Intro to Mobile Development course. Currently WIP

### App Walk-though
<img src="https://github.com/lo-maxwell/Codepath-FlashcardApp/raw/master/device-2021-02-26-225442.gif" width=200><br>

## Required
- [x] Create New Project in Android Studio
- [x] Add a view for the front side of the flashcard to display the question
- [x] Add a view for the back side of the flashcard to display the answer
- [x] Build in logic to show the answer side when the card is tapped
- [x] Push code to GitHu
## Optional
- [x] toggle the flashcard between the question side and the answer side
- [x] Style the question and answer side of the card to better distinguish between the two sides
- [x] Add selectable multiple choice answers beneath the card
   - [x] Change the background color of the multiple choice answers when clicked to indicate whether the question waanswered correctly
- [ ] Further customize and style the card
